вҖӘ["Mfaz' omnyama" playing]
вҖӘ[director] Cut!
вҖӘ-[music softens]
вҖӘ-[Joyce sighs. chuckles]
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-[colleague chuckles]
вҖӘWas that amazing. ladies?
вҖӘ-Oh. Joyce. you're a natural.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘOh. the shots you gave us
вҖӘare going to be great for the podcast.
вҖӘActually. the series we are doing on you.
вҖӘthat's going to be dynamic.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Trinity] Now all that's left
вҖӘ-is for Mr. Gomora to arrive.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-Did I just hear my name?
вҖӘMy love.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Love.
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-Thank you.
вҖӘ[both moan]
вҖӘTwo decades later and you still have
вҖӘthis effect on each other?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-What's your secret?
вҖӘ-Love.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Unconditional love.
вҖӘThrough the good and the bad.
вҖӘ[both] вҖӘAngels & Demons.
вҖӘ-[both] Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-Goodness. elaborate.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-You see.
вҖӘtrue love conquers all adversity.
вҖӘMmm. [sniffs]
вҖӘ-[coughs]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] What's wrong?
вҖӘ-[chuckles] Sorry.
вҖӘ-Are you okay?
вҖӘYeah. I'm okay.
вҖӘ[clears throat] I'm okay.
вҖӘI think I might have caught a stomach bug.
вҖӘ-My goodness. What is it?
вҖӘ-[grunts]
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm. Sorry.
вҖӘ-[stammers] Joyce?
вҖӘ[dogs barking]
вҖӘ["ngelosi" playing]
вҖӘ[kissing]
вҖӘCan you please undo my zip?
вҖӘ[whispers] Please unzip me.
вҖӘYou'll tell me
вҖӘwhen you want me to turn around?
вҖӘTurn around.
вҖӘ-When?
вҖӘ-Right now.
вҖӘ[Ntombi echoes] Menzi!
вҖӘ-Now?
вҖӘ-Right now.
вҖӘ[Ntombi] вҖӘMenzi!
вҖӘMenzi!
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-[grunts] Yes?
вҖӘI'm here to get your dirty laundry.
вҖӘOh. uhвҖҰ
вҖӘIt's over there.
вҖӘOh. okay.
вҖӘOh. shit.
вҖӘ-[dogs barking]
вҖӘ-[birds squawking]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Oh? Hmm?
вҖӘ-What's wrong?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘAre you still thinking about
вҖӘyour Washington trip?
вҖӘMmm.
вҖӘI know it's been stressing you out.
вҖӘYeah. I really want to get this deal.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-Do it for the company.
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-[sighs] It'll change everything.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Yes. but what are they saying?
вҖӘ-[Magesh] They don't want to pay me.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Wait. where's the meat. Oh.
вҖӘ-[Grace] He's bringing the meat.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Boy. thank you.
вҖӘ-Let me pour some juice for everyone.
вҖӘ-Ah. thank you. boy.
вҖӘ-Joyce. would you like some?
вҖӘ-Oh.
вҖӘ-I'm still waiting on this money. hey.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] That's a lot of money.
вҖӘAnd then? What's going on?
вҖӘOh. nothing. I was bored at home
вҖӘand I thought I should come over.
вҖӘ-[Nkazi laughs]
вҖӘ-You know Freedom. he had to tag along.
вҖӘ-Greetings.
вҖӘ-Hi. You two look good.
вҖӘ-How are you?
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Ah. yeah. we're good.
вҖӘ-We're very well. thank you.
вҖӘ-Yeah. Yes.
вҖӘOh. it's not a problem. You can join us.
вҖӘThere's plenty of food.
вҖӘEnjoy yourselves.
вҖӘLet's dish up and be happy.
вҖӘMenzi. your sister tells me
вҖӘthat you're busy chasing girls
вҖӘwhen you should be busy
вҖӘapplying for university.
вҖӘOh. stop it. Mom.
вҖӘMy boy-boy is taking
вҖӘa gap year. Right. my boy?
вҖӘ[scoffs] More like gap years.
вҖӘOh. stop it.
вҖӘI hear the matric results
вҖӘare coming out soon.
вҖӘUh. speaking about results.
вҖӘWell. me. I've drafted my gift list
вҖӘfor all my six distinctions.
вҖӘ-You go. girl!
вҖӘ-Oh? That's my girl.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Look at you.
вҖӘYou'll be working alongside Dad very soon.
вҖӘ[scoffs]
вҖӘIt must be very nice being you. Mpume.
вҖӘSome of us would've loved
вҖӘto work with our fathers at J&J.
вҖӘbut not everyone is that lucky.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Oh?
вҖӘWhat would make you say that. dear?
вҖӘHuh? I'm sure your father would love
вҖӘfor you to work with us at the company.
вҖӘHe hasn't said anything to me.
вҖӘ[Magesh grunts. exhales sharply]
вҖӘ[Joyce clears throat]
вҖӘAnyway. what about your exams?
вҖӘ-Do you think you passed though?
вҖӘ-[Mpume laughs]
вҖӘ-Yes. I think I'm passed. Ma.
вҖӘ-Definitely.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘBut I'm not anything like Mpume.
вҖӘI just want the coming-of-age ceremony.
вҖӘ-A ceremony?
вҖӘ-[Sarah] Yes.
вҖӘTo acknowledge that I'm grown.
вҖӘI am a woman now.
вҖӘWe'll discuss that at home.
вҖӘwith your mother.
вҖӘUnderstood?
вҖӘHey. Dad. tell me.
вҖӘDo you have some alcohol?
вҖӘBe quiet.
вҖӘAnd eat. Freedom.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Magesh clicks tongue]
вҖӘ-[Freedom] вҖӘI look good.
вҖӘ-[shutter clicking]
вҖӘWhat's with the new suit now.
вҖӘall of a sudden?
вҖӘBoy. see what's happening. my son.
вҖӘ-[Menzi] Yes.
вҖӘ-We are working now. Freedom G.
вҖӘSo. now that I am working.
вҖӘI have figured it's time
вҖӘto upgrade my wardrobe.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘ-How did I buy it?
вҖӘWith my money. my first check.
вҖӘOut of all the things you could've bought.
вҖӘyou bought a suit?
вҖӘYou see. girls love a man
вҖӘthat works in corporate.
вҖӘ[scoffs] What corporate?
вҖӘYou're a construction worker.
вҖӘ[scoffs. clicks tongue]
вҖӘAnd now why would I tell them
вҖӘthat I work in a construction site?
вҖӘ[laughing]
вҖӘ-Why? Are you jealous. Menzi?
вҖӘ-No. I'm not jealous.
вҖӘListen. my boy.
вҖӘYou see. ladies love
вҖӘnothing more than a working man.
вҖӘYou see. if Lindani can find out
вҖӘthat you are working.
вҖӘoh. my boy. she will be all over you.
вҖӘYou know why?
вҖӘBecause she'll know that her man
вҖӘwill be able to provide for her
вҖӘand put bread and butter on the table.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-All right. come on. man.
вҖӘI can't teach you everything.
вҖӘYou grown up.
вҖӘI'm going to flex
вҖӘaround the township. fuck.
вҖӘ[Magesh] вҖӘLet's go. let's go.
вҖӘThank you so much.
вҖӘThank you. Pass my greetings
вҖӘto your mother. okay?
вҖӘ-AuntieвҖҰ yeah.
вҖӘ-Uh. Sure.
вҖӘ-Thank you.
вҖӘ-Bye.
вҖӘI'll make you catch a taxi
вҖӘif you take too long.
вҖӘ-[chuckles] My goodness.
вҖӘ-I know.
вҖӘ-He thinks we're the same age.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘWait. Wait. love.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-Hold on. I want us to gossip.
вҖӘThis thing with Magesh.
вҖӘActing so strange the time when Sarah was
вҖӘtalking about the coming-of-age ceremony.
вҖӘDidn't you find it weird?
вҖӘHe was acting so strange.
вҖӘWell. that's his daughter.
вҖӘSo as her father.
вҖӘhe makes the decisions he sees fit.
вҖӘ-Yes. but that's the thing. love.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm. Mmm?
вҖӘMagesh is Sarah's father. but sometimes
вҖӘI swear he acts like he isn't.
вҖӘListen. my love.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-Please.
вҖӘLet's not get involved
вҖӘ-in my brother's business.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘ-Okay. it's all right.
вҖӘMoms. Have you seen my phone?
вҖӘWe have our own problems.
вҖӘ[chuckling]
вҖӘUh. hold on. my boy.
вҖӘTell me. aren't you a little embarrassed?
вҖӘ-Toughen up! Stand up!
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Stop it!
вҖӘYour sister is done with school
вҖӘand heading to university.
вҖӘYou're just lounging around the house.
вҖӘbusy doing nothing.
вҖӘ-Come on. Jo.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Huh?
вҖӘListen here.
вҖӘYou're going to start working at J&J
вҖӘand earn your keep.
вҖӘ[clicks tongue]
вҖӘ[dogs barking]
вҖӘ[car horn honking]
вҖӘ[Magesh] Boy. what are you wearing?
вҖӘWeren't you told you're cleaning toilets?
вҖӘOh. No.
вҖӘUh. let meвҖҰ Let me go change.
вҖӘ[chuckles] Hey. come back. you idiot.
вҖӘI'm just joking.
вҖӘCome back. [chuckling] I'm joking. man.
вҖӘ[laughing] My goodness.
вҖӘ[laughs]
вҖӘSo this is where we work.
вҖӘI'll just need one thing from you.
вҖӘto take minutes for me.
вҖӘYes.
вҖӘ[Magesh] I have a meeting
вҖӘwith the engineers at 10:00.
вҖӘ-[Menzi] Yes.
вҖӘ-You can do that. right?
вҖӘYes. yes. yes. I can do that.
вҖӘ[groans] One of the worst mistakes
вҖӘI've ever done in my life
вҖӘwas hiring this idiot.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘ-What are you doing?
вҖӘ-Ah. come on. You just spilled my weed.
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘ-Freedom.
вҖӘYou've only been working here
вҖӘfor two months.
вҖӘAlready. you're smoking weed on the job.
вҖӘdragging your feet.
вҖӘWhat the hell are you wearing?
вҖӘWhy aren't you working with the others?
вҖӘI've received complaints about you.
вҖӘ-Wow. Wow. I knew it.
вҖӘ-I've been getting reports about you.
вҖӘI just knew that your stupid foreman
вҖӘwas feeding you lies about me.
вҖӘLet me tell you.
вҖӘI have had enough of this guy.
вҖӘ-He's always on myвҖҰ [groaning]
вҖӘ-[grunts]
вҖӘ-I want you to listen to me.
вҖӘ-[groaning] You're hurting me.
вҖӘIf you continue with this nonsense.
вҖӘI'll show you shit.
вҖӘ-This is abuse. [groans]
вҖӘ-That's bullshit.
вҖӘ-Piss off.
вҖӘ-[groans. coughs]
вҖӘ[groans]
вҖӘI'll teach you a lesson.
вҖӘDon't disrespect me.
вҖӘDo you know what the labour law says
вҖӘabout being mistreated at work?
вҖӘListen here.
вҖӘI'm the boss. and I make the rules here.
вҖӘ-[clicks tongue]
вҖӘ-Idiot!
вҖӘ[scoffs]
вҖӘ-Why are you hitting me?
вҖӘ-Piss off.
вҖӘ-Why? Why are you hitting me?
вҖӘ-[Menzi chuckles]
вҖӘGo cry about it to your mother.
вҖӘ[Menzi laughs]
вҖӘAnd you? What's with theвҖҰ
вҖӘ[groans] What's with the suit and all?
вҖӘMy dad is forcing me
вҖӘto work here at J&J too.
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-Ah. no ways! That's great news.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Go. Menzi! Oh. Me-Me!
вҖӘ-[laughs] That's right.
вҖӘLet me go and grab my working clothes
вҖӘand get started. boy.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘ[bleating]
вҖӘSarah. what nonsense
вҖӘwere you saying at Joyce's house?
вҖӘI'm guessing Dad told you
вҖӘabout my ceremony.
вҖӘSince when did you
вҖӘstart caring about these things?
вҖӘYou also did it. Mom.
вҖӘBut you can have one when you turn 21.
вҖӘLet's take our time. What's the rush?
вҖӘ[scoffs] Mom. I'm becoming a woman.
вҖӘDad has to do this for me.
вҖӘI don't want to wait.
вҖӘSarah.
вҖӘYour father loves you.
вҖӘSince when? That man hardly speaks to me.
вҖӘYou know it's true.
вҖӘThis ceremony will strengthen
вҖӘmy relationship with him to grow.
вҖӘI won't change my mind.
вҖӘ-Friend. isn't he a bit too young for you?
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm?
вҖӘOh. please. For who? I'm young enough.
вҖӘ-[both chuckle]
вҖӘ-No way. Thembi.
вҖӘAnyway. let's go. Where's your bag?
вҖӘWe're having lunch at Marble.
вҖӘand we're going to order
вҖӘa bottle of Dom PГ©rignon
вҖӘbecause there's lots to celebrate.
вҖӘYeah.
вҖӘAbout the champagneвҖҰ
вҖӘ[clears throat] вҖҰI'll pass.
вҖӘJoyceвҖҰ [scoffs]
вҖӘвҖҰthis campaign is a big deal.
вҖӘI can't drink alcohol.
вҖӘAt least. for another few months.
вҖӘYou're pregnant?
вҖӘPlease don't.
вҖӘGo get tested.
вҖӘI'm scared to.
вҖӘDo you remember that Jo
вҖӘstarted having an affair with that whore
вҖӘright after I just gave birth
вҖӘto Nkazimulo?
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘI can't lose my marriage again.
вҖӘAnd. on top of that. this campaign.
вҖӘ[sighs] Uh-uh. No. I can't do this.
вҖӘ[stammers]
вҖӘI can't do this. I can't. No way.
вҖӘI can't. I cвҖҰ [sighs]
вҖӘWhat can't you do?
вҖӘOh.
вҖӘJo.
вҖӘWhen did you get here?
вҖӘ[whispers] WaitвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Is-is that what I think it is?
вҖӘ-[exhales. chuckles]
вҖӘHuh?
вҖӘ-Hey. baby?
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘIs there a bun in the oven?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘ-Is Mlungisi Gomora in transit?
вҖӘ-Stop it.
вҖӘ-Stop. I don't know yet.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] вҖӘJoyce. Joyce. wake up. Wake up!
вҖӘ-[Nkazi crying]
вҖӘ-Joyce! Joyce. wake up.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-Wake up!
вҖӘ-[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ-Are you trying to kill this baby?
вҖӘ-Bring him to me.
вҖӘ-Are you trying to kill him?
вҖӘ-[shushes]
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Sorry. Sorry.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] You know. you have no shame!
вҖӘIrresponsible. Joyce.
вҖӘIrresponsible is what you are.
вҖӘGive me a break. Where were you?
вҖӘYou were with that whore again.
вҖӘGet your shit together. Understood?
вҖӘGet your shit together.
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘMy love.
вҖӘWhat does it say? Are you pregnant?
вҖӘSorry.
вҖӘ-No. Don't apologise.
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘDo you know what this means?
вҖӘMm-hmm.
вҖӘWe can try again.
вҖӘWe can try again right now.
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-Jo. stop it.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘWhat's wrong. love?
вҖӘ-[sighs]
вҖӘ-[sighs] What's wrong?
вҖӘYou knowвҖҰ
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘIt's clear that you've forgotten.
вҖӘWhat?
вҖӘMatipa came into our lives
вҖӘwhen I just gave birth to Nkazimulo.
вҖӘ[sighs] Are we still here?
вҖӘYes.
вҖӘCan we move on?
вҖӘAnd forget about her.
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘForget about her.
вҖӘ-Forget. Hmm?
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Let's forget about her. Hmm?
вҖӘ-Let'sвҖҰ Okay.
вҖӘLet's try again.
вҖӘ-Try again? [chuckling]
вҖӘ-Right now.
вҖӘ-I don't want to.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘ-I don't want to. No. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ[gqom music playing]
вҖӘ-Ah. there's no such thing.
вҖӘ-[laughing]
вҖӘ[chattering]
вҖӘ[Freedom whistles]
вҖӘAh. you know what. Menzi?
вҖӘYour girl is really hot. hey?
вҖӘYes. hello. What can I get you?
вҖӘYoung manвҖҰ [sucks teeth]
вҖӘListen here. my boy.
вҖӘYou seeвҖҰ [sucks teeth]
вҖӘвҖҰyou need to handle her.
вҖӘWhy don't you grab
вҖӘ-her bum like this?
вҖӘ-No. no. no.
вҖӘYou are being a pervert now.
вҖӘ[Freedom] Okay. you know what. boy?
вҖӘTalk to her. Don't be scared. boy.
вҖӘGo and tell her
вҖӘthat you just got a new job.
вҖӘYou know? You're your own man now.
вҖӘYou're a working man.
вҖӘHuh?
вҖӘGoodness. Madlanduna.
вҖӘWhy would you drink on top of my forms?
вҖӘ-Gosh. these people! Ooh!
вҖӘ-Oh. shit!
вҖӘ-Menzi.
вҖӘ-Sorry. sorry.
вҖӘHow are you?
вҖӘ[sighs] I'm good.
вҖӘIs. uh. everything okay?
вҖӘNo. my mother didn't sign
вҖӘmy varsity application forms.
вҖӘI don't know why she thinks
вҖӘI'm only fit for a call centre
вҖӘor here in this tavern of hers.
вҖӘEish. I really don't understand
вҖӘhow parents think sometimes.
вҖӘ-I'm sorry.
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘAnd now. sir. what's with the suit?
вҖӘOh. yes. Uh. I started working at J&J.
вҖӘI'm trying to beвҖҰ
вҖӘto beвҖҰ To be a man.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-To have my own things. and my own money.
вҖӘI see.
вҖӘIt suits you so well. I'm not gonna lie.
вҖӘ[chuckling] Oh. Menzi.
вҖӘWhat are you doing?
вҖӘ-Huh? Have you lost your mind?
вҖӘ-Oh. shit.
вҖӘUh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. uhвҖҰ
вҖӘNo. no. no. Piss off. [scoffs]
вҖӘ[mouthing words] Fuck. [sighs]
вҖӘFuck.
вҖӘShit.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘ[jazz playing]
вҖӘ[birds squawking]
вҖӘ[music softens]
вҖӘ[Joyce] All right. Jo. don't forget
вҖӘto bring something nice for Nkazimulo.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Ah!
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Ooh!
вҖӘThis suitcase is already heavy.
вҖӘ-Oh. well.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] You're the one who packed it.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] I had to.
вҖӘThis is a trip to America.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-We'llвҖҰ Oh. hi.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Hey. dear.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] My daughter.
вҖӘYou almost missed your father.
вҖӘ-Huh. Safe travels.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘThank you.
вҖӘDo you want me to bring you anything?
вҖӘ-[inhales sharply] Hmm.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Oh. goodness.
вҖӘ-[Joyce chuckles]
вҖӘ-I'll text you if I think of anything.
вҖӘYeah. bye-bye.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-Love you.
вҖӘ-Love you too. Dad.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘWho knew she'd come around?
вҖӘI told you to be patient.
вҖӘ-and bit by bit. eventuallyвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘвҖҰeverything will be okay.
вҖӘOh. and another thing. Menzi.
вҖӘ-Uh-huh.
вҖӘ-Please make sure he gives 100% at J&J.
вҖӘOkay.
вҖӘlet's go before you miss your flight.
вҖӘ-Yeah. let's go.
вҖӘ-Okay?
вҖӘ[Jonasi] You know what? I love you.
вҖӘI love you. I love you.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] I love you.
вҖӘ-I love you.
вҖӘ[shutter clicking]
вҖӘ-Mpume.
вҖӘ-Granny?
вҖӘ-Are you pregnant?
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘ-What's this?
вҖӘ-Gran?
вҖӘ-Come here.
вҖӘ-Uh-huh. stop it. Gran.
вҖӘAfter we've raised you so well.
вҖӘyou're busy sleeping around with boys?
вҖӘI'm not having sex.
вҖӘYour life has barely started.
вҖӘWhat's this nonsense. Mpume?
вҖӘ-I don'tвҖҰ I don't know what--
вҖӘ-Come here. Come here.
вҖӘ-I said come here.
вҖӘ-And then? What's going on here?
вҖӘThis is not mine. Grandma. I swear.
вҖӘDo you want to be
вҖӘa teenage mother like your mother was?
вҖӘNo. I'm still a virgin. Gran.
вҖӘOh. stop it. Mom. Wow.
вҖӘShe said that it's not hers.
вҖӘDon't tell me you believe her. Joyce.
вҖӘSo. what's this?
вҖӘMom. a word. please?
вҖӘ[huffs]
вҖӘIt's mine.
вҖӘ-What?
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘI had a pregnancy scare.
вҖӘWhat? At your age?
вҖӘOh. Mom. give me a break. please.
вҖӘ[sighs] But listen. I'm going to make sure
вҖӘthat this never happens to me again.
вҖӘEver!
вҖӘI've decided to getвҖҰ [sighs]
вҖӘвҖҰsterilised and tie my tubes.
вҖӘ-[Grace] вҖӘWill Jonasi agree to that?
вҖӘ-[Joyce] вҖӘHe'll never allow it.
вҖӘThat's why I didn't tell him.
вҖӘ[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘ"Love is not proud.
вҖӘIt doesn't dishonour others.
вҖӘIt is not self-seeking."
вҖӘ-Is Mlungisi Gomora in transit?
вҖӘ-[laughing]
вҖӘ[chattering]
вҖӘ-Sister. How are you?
вҖӘ-Hello. how are you?
вҖӘ-I'm good.
вҖӘ-It's been a while.
вҖӘ-[nurse] Yes. it has.
вҖӘ-Oh. my word.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] So you still work here? Huh?
вҖӘ-How is everyone at home?
вҖӘ-[nurse] They're good.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Ah. that's good. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-[elevator bell dings]
вҖӘ-[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ-[whispers] Joyce.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘThank God you're done.
вҖӘI didn't go through with it.
вҖӘI couldn't do such a serious surgery
вҖӘbehind my husband's back.
вҖӘSuch a serious thing
вҖӘwithout his knowledge.
вҖӘHe's here.
вҖӘ-Who's here?
вҖӘ-Jonasi. I just saw him right now.
вҖӘ-No way. You're lying!
вҖӘ-I'm telling you. Joyce.
вҖӘMom! How did he find out about this?
вҖӘ-[door opens]
вҖӘ-[exclaims]
вҖӘAll right then.
вҖӘI'm sure you're ready for your procedure?
вҖӘUh. Doctor. listen.
вҖӘAs you can see. I'm already dressed.
вҖӘI've decided not to go through
вҖӘwith this procedure.
вҖӘ[doctor] I understand.
вҖӘit's a very big decision to make.
вҖӘYou'll have to sign some papers
вҖӘfor the theatre cancellation.
вҖӘIt'sвҖҰ It's fine. It's fine.
вҖӘThe Gomora women
вҖӘhave kept the ward quite busy today.
вҖӘEveryone here has got their hands full.
вҖӘThe Gomora women?
вҖӘAs we speak. there's another Gomora lady
вҖӘwho just gave birth down the passage.
вҖӘIt is busy. It's very busy right now.
вҖӘThat's why I said the Gomora women
вҖӘhave made this ward very busy today.
вҖӘThere's another here as well.
вҖӘ[gasps]
вҖӘ[doctor] вҖӘThe Gomora women
вҖӘare keeping us busy today.
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘThe Gomora women?
вҖӘ[doctor] вҖӘThey have kept the ward
вҖӘquite busy today.
вҖӘ[Grace] Joyce.
вҖӘJoyce. wait. Joyce.
вҖӘ[doctor] вҖӘAs we speak. there's another
вҖӘGomora lady down the passage.
вҖӘJoyce. Joyce! Wait.
вҖӘ[baby coos]
вҖӘ[Jonasi] I'm luckiest man in the world.
вҖӘToday. you've made me a man amongst men.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Jonasi shushing]
вҖӘ-[baby cooing]
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Hmm?
вҖӘ-[gasps]
вҖӘ-Joyce.